Damn it
You didn't fall to your death
If you fall, it will kill you.
Qinghe, I'm back.
Sorry.
Make you worry
Did you know that when you were away
How worried I was about you
When have I ever let you down?
Lin Fan, didn't you pat your chest and tell us?
Can you handle the Shen family?
Why did you return without success?
How dare you enter the house licking your face?
Mom, I think he just annoyed the Shen family
Running back to hide from the disaster
Wait for the Shen family to arrive
You will naturally eat my Lin Fan
The Shen family has come
Everything will be too late
Get out of our house now
Life and death outside
It has nothing to do with us
Don't implicate our Qiao family
I had already spoken to Xiaobo on the phone before I came
He'll be at Joe's house soon
At that time, one of you will count as one.
No one wants to run
Oh, right.
Qiao Qinghe, I have two choices with you now.
One is to follow me
From now on, you can take a look at the century-old Keno
Enjoy glory for the rest of your life
The second is to talk to this trash
From then on, I will suffer from poverty
I won't go with you even if I die
But when Shen Xiaobo came
The Qiao family will have the talent to destroy the enemy
What should Lin Fan do? Don't worry.
Don't you save Shen Xiaobo?
Ergou is already teaching him a lesson
Who is this?
What a big breath!